README.md, before:

Aldebaran (CPU by ETRI) SDK
============

o. Introduction

Aldebaran is 32-bit RISC CPU Core developed by ETRI, 
Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute. 
See aldebaran_core_intro.pdf for more detailed introduction.


o. Contact point

Contact us by the following E-mail.

yskwon@etri.re.kr
kjbyun@etri.re.kr



o. Copyright Notice

Copyright Processor Group, 2006-2014, All rights reserved.
Processor Group, System-on-Chip Research Department
Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute (ETRI)

THESE DOCUMENTS CONTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND KNOWLEDGE
WHICH IS THE PROPERTY OF ETRI. NO PART OF THIS PUBLICATION IS
TO BE USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, AND THESE ARE NOT TO BE
REPRODUCED, COPIED, DISCLOSED, TRANSMITTED, STORED IN A RETRIEVAL
SYSTEM OR TRANSLATED INTO ANY OTHER HUMAN OR COMPUTER LANGUAGE,
IN ANY FORM, BY ANY MEANS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, WITHOUT THE
COMPLETE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF ETRI.

* Written Notice.

The files here are based on GPL(GNU Public License) Open Sources
adapted to Aldebaran SDK.


-- END --

Commit message:

'How to be Aldebaran member' description.

README.md, after:

Aldebaran (CPU by ETRI) SDK
============

o. Introduction

Aldebaran is 32-bit RISC CPU Core developed by ETRI, 
Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute. 
See aldebaran_core_intro.pdf for more detailed introduction.


o. Contact point

Contact us by the following E-mail.

yskwon at etri dot re dot kr
kjbyun at the same site


o. Copyright Notice

Copyright Processor Group, 2006-2014, All rights reserved.
Processor Group, System-on-Chip Research Department
Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute (ETRI)

THESE DOCUMENTS CONTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND KNOWLEDGE
WHICH IS THE PROPERTY OF ETRI. NO PART OF THIS PUBLICATION IS
TO BE USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, AND THESE ARE NOT TO BE
REPRODUCED, COPIED, DISCLOSED, TRANSMITTED, STORED IN A RETRIEVAL
SYSTEM OR TRANSLATED INTO ANY OTHER HUMAN OR COMPUTER LANGUAGE,
IN ANY FORM, BY ANY MEANS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, WITHOUT THE
COMPLETE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF ETRI.


o. Written Notice.

The files here are based on GPL(GNU Public License) Open Sources
adapted to Aldebaran SDK.
This is why these files are on this github.com.
Contact the above people if you have any questions regarding
any of the followings. 

Aldebaran Core RTL (Verilog RTL)
Aldebaran Platform IPs
Aldebaran Evaluation Board
Aldebaran Full SDK



-- END --
